your grandfathers While my grandfather fought your grandfathers
made a Nazi state there for themselves
yes such a kind of
NRA Look on the territory of your Kursk
region
I didn't have any Nazi
state on my territory And you
had Salam
aleikum good night where yes
from Russia Well I see a city
what Kursk Kursk understood I am from Lithuania
Gorodok It is very pleasant here and the World Cup you
communicate
Kursk resident I just listen to what is
there who is talking about something about nothing just
on any topic understood that it is
calm there in the Kursk region Yes, in general,
some kind of fighting  there is no action
Well they are going But where I live there is no I understand
I have a friend from the Kursk region now
Sudzhansky district evacuated somewhere
in Kursk in a temporary accommodation point
lives What is his name
John
Ivan I call him John I say that
now America will already seize the region
we will
[music]
this is America
seizing NATO troops on
Russian territory and Russia can do nothing Do
you understand the Kursk region Do you know
that the Kursk region Yes, historically there
was no Kursk region this
Lenin invented it Lenin invented it yes under Catherine there was no region there was no such thing invented region it doesn't matter I do In that I Gubernia was right So this was also invented before that look when there was Rus' during the time of Rus' there was some Kursk region Well during the time of Rus' and many what else was there right chickens here Moscow was not and so all sorts Yes why Well there was a swamp in short this is where in Moscow and there was peace for Kievan Rus who told you that there was a swamp in Moscow there was a swamp And what was there can be called here the times of Kievan Rus at least one building in Moscow and Kievan Rus who again Well, look at Kievan Rus Rurik our Great Prince here in Novgorod and in Kyiv there are buildings there of the 10th century 10th century And in Moscow What is the oldest building in Moscow I didn't even think about it in p year ulko begins oh century Kremlin not 10th century Kremlin everything And look in Kyiv St. Sophia of Kiev was built by Yaroslav the Wise 10th century everything is clear and in Moscow at least there is something Moscow of the world  was like now some you know
Damn Bryansk region Klintsy for example like
now Lithuania Yes name not Lithuania by the way the
Grand Duchy of Lithuania was
quite powerful No well like
now Lithuania Moscow used to be
right no no no look now Lithuania
is a damn European state Moscow
was stronger Yes  I understand Moscow has never been
stronger than Lithuania
even now and what is
Moscow look at Lithuania No one is
attacking Moscow and its damn
territory In our country missiles don't fly in Lithuania
drones don't fly in
here in Moscow  Peter arrives
Sudzha in general your your Kursk region
Lithuania Lithuania is a country that no one
can enter a foreigner can not no
look if we had troops of an enemy state enter Lithuania at least 1
cm of our territory they
would have already incinerated everyone into
nuclear Ash because we are
entering  in NATO and NATO is an alliance of nuclear
powers And what are you watching August 6, twenty  the
fourth year
NATO troops invaded your territory in the Kursk region
All of you Russia can't protect it can't
look you're talking directly about the Kursk region
you understand Here is Sudzha Yes this is a town with a
population of about 5,000 people it does
n't matter it doesn't matter this is the territory of the
Russian Federation it is sovereign and
inviolable it is written in  The
Constitution does not say that towns
of 5,000 people can be surrendered, it is
not written like that. True, the nuclear doctrine of the
Russian Federation states that any
encroachment on the territory of the Russian
Federation, even if it is five
lands, will be answered harshly and Russia
can use nuclear weapons. What
did Russia do? Run away and cry. What?
NATO is
attacking
the Anglo-Saxons through their puppet
Ukraine is destabilizing the Kursk
region there are
your cities and villages And you
can't do anything Are you sitting in Kursk
won't you go defend your Kursk region
right now NATO is making another
offensive today and what will you do
NATO  will get Yes where will get you howled what is there
your bird aladino what was saying 2 days and  I
will win back what to win back
just wait until you all come so that
you understand for 100 years again understood
Ponya Lenya that is look do I
understand correctly that you
Russians have no answer to why you
can't win back the Kursk region you
start I'll come now we'll see
lure everyone and so on  No, no Why look
every year passes
you don't talk about No, no, don't talk about 100 years
you don't talk about every
100 years you get Well, look again
No,
look never Russia has never given to anyone
on its own To whom did you
give to everyone to whom Hitler was given The Americans and the
British
won Kroli then you reached Napoleon
gave the Swedes in short the English Napoleon
Napoleon burned Moscow and left Back to
France Yeah well what where did you give
Napoleon Let's go further Napoleon burned
Moscow burned and you
all Napoleon burned Moscow and left  Back
to France because there
the English started to attack
him Well that's not true True No not true
Well where what battle did you win against
Napoleon
Borodino in Borodino they gave you After
Borodino in short they went and Sozh Moscow in
Borodino look at history in
Borodino they gave you Russian  the whole army then
Napoleon after Borodino reached in short
burned Moscow and then thinks where else to
go in these swamps and it occurred to him that he had
an uprising there the British are making
in short and he with the army went back
because
to France that's all iri
look again  look I'm opening for you
look I'm opening now Wikipedia
Borodino the Americans gave to whom look I'm opening for
you now Borodi you
with Yes all the planes yes planes Look
how much
So let's do it like this
Battle of Borodino here is the Battle of Borodino
so stump of the
year of the Russian Ami under the command of Kutuzov
shins of Kutuzov and the French army under the
command  Napoleon Bonaparte
so
the result Napoleon defeated the Russian army and the
remnants of it retreated to the north-east from
Kolomna so
the result
bits burning of
Moscow The coalition uprising in France
was an uprising of the coalition of the English and
Swedes against Napoleon E he should He had to
leave Moscow and returned to
Paris and that's it  everything where you read
Look now
So where where is it America
you Read now about Napoleon
What are you running away come on I'm not
running away now I'll put it up will
tell the story Look on
August 26 there was the battle of Borodino And in
September they burned Moscow in short that is
Napoleon on
August 26  Rodino Yes
and by September in short He approached Moscow and
burned
it and then returned back to France
gave himself Yes take it write why
in short Napoleon returned to
France because in short they stretched out
against Napoleon a whole coalition fought
Yes Russians Swedes  Englishmen
Austria all fought because all of
Europe united against Napoleon
Look, I'll look
Come on, don't study your history,
even here is the sixth anti-French coalition
Russia Sweden
Great Britain Austria and Prussia entered the coalition Okay
Napoleon Well, why Well, wait,
stop, stop, stop, that is, look, I agree, I am a
historian  I am a historian by education
I have 18 years of practice by education wait
Americans Yes if you look who
destroyed the largest
number of German planes it was the
British and the Americans Anglo-Saxons the
largest number of ships Americans and the
British Anglo-Saxons I will say look No the
British look the British how much they
bombed like  these Germans what did the
Soviet Union do the Soviet Union uh had the
largest number of human
losses that is
uh the Soviet Union we are constantly told
that here it is the largest number of dead Why
Because when America and Britain
fought They cleverly saved their people Yes the
Soviet Union drove because it
was necessary there  report to Stalin drove
a bunch of people to meat assaults my grandfather
too  said how they ran 10 one
rifle who with a rifle if he falls
picks up another rifle and runs further
and just runs meat like that and that's it
And so look look at the statistics also I'm a
historian I'm a historian uh and and we
went through this if you look at how many
planes tanks were destroyed  and
ships yes then the Anglo-Saxon coalition
Americans British Yes destroyed the
most Russia
did not touch these German ships at all Russia more than that for
three years yes when Britain was already at
full speed at war with Germany with rit
dgo to sopergo the Soviet Union
supplied Germany with
steel Germany was at war with Britain  the
British destroyed Nazi planes
and ships the
Soviet Union supplied steel so that
Hitler could make new ones then Hitler
attacked the Soviet Union and such Stalin
Oops the weapons that our grandfathers mined
ore at the cost of their lives and health and
Stalin sent this ore to the Germans to
make tanks that would then come to
kill ours  Grandfathers, you understand, this is all
a base, well  look how many How many
planes did the Soviet Union destroy
German how many Anglo-Saxons everything is
just there you
know wait well they fought on
the territory on the territory of Russia
right No no look they fought in general
on the territory of the same and on the territory of
Africa there was a war and on the territory of Europe
there was a war and on the territory of not Russia but
Soviet Union on the territory of Ukraine
was mainly war Well and Ukraine what
did Lela immediately under the Germans half
no no
look so Soviet Soviet authorities
Soviet authorities Yes they took don't look
Belarus and oh the child fought correctly My
grandfather fought My grandfather Hero of the Soviet
Union Where did he go My  your grandfather to
Berlin to Berlin Yes my grandfather reached
Berlin Yes look to Berlin there is a
base there is a base This is a base not the
Ministry of Defense Ministry of
Defense of the Russian Federation All Soviet archives are there
my grandfather worship Benda you worship
Bendery the traitor Yes he is not a
traitor we worship  because
wait for Bender So Bender also reached
Berlin Yes, just like his grandfather
by the hand our our de And your
Vlasovites your General Vlasov Andrei
Vlasov your Russian Liberation
Army swore allegiance to Hitler shot our
grandfathers in the back
Banderovites and the Soviet Army Vlasovites
shot when look
when a million your Well, agree a million the
largest number of traitors in the
Soviet Union were Vlasovites
million Vlasovskaya  the army held back a
million Yes a million all the Ukrainians were
look no Vla Vlasov was just Russian
and he called the Russian Liberation
Army
rub look at the number of Rowa
look and the Cossack troops of Kuban and Don
were all for Hitler Krasnov and all the
rest look well really And you have
there near  Kursk Lokot Republic
was remember no Nazi well look
google now interesting Nazi
image Russians created Lokot
Republic
look now look Come on Lokot
Republic you will be shocked
now on the territory of Yes Bryansk your
Kursk region and  Oryol region you
have created a Nazi state in your
rear of our troops in yours look
look Lokot republic on
the territory of Bryansk Kursk and Oryol
regions here is Lokot vol
Yes autonomous steam state
formation located in the
part of central Russia occupied by Nazi Germany
headed by the
collaborationist administration of
Konstantin Vosoboinik and  Bronislava
Kamenskogo from July of sorory vgo to forty-
third year look at your grandfathers While my
grandfather fought your grandfathers made there for themselves a
Nazi state yes such a
kind of
dn Look at the territory of your Kursk
region
I did not have any Nazi
state on my territory And you
had  Well Kurskaya is not written here only
Orlovskaya look at the map look at the
map no not Bryanskaya you opened Wikipedia
and there on the right there is a map right pink and
with
yellow I see You see yellow Bryanskaya
Orlovskaya and Kurskaya you see
so Well I see yes
yes how is it that your grandfathers
are not  just even  fought for Hitler Yes and
they made it their own
Nazi state Yes and as if they were saying everything on
behalf of the Russians they
spoke out this is a disgrace to everything this is a disgrace to the
entire Russian people there was the Lokot
Republic and you still haven't washed this disgrace away
in
your trigger Wait wait Why can't you
look like that  population
581,000 people half a million people in
this Lokot republic lived
half a million people Hitler proclaimed
their
ruler look more than half a million
did their education twenty-
ninth Volunteer Infantry Division
SS
Rhone on the territory of your region
SS division from your Kursk Bryansk and Oryol
guys a whole division was assembled not a platoon not
company well you understand what a division is it was
impossible to force them into the SS division
that is the guys were going Bryansk Kursk
Orlovsky someone's grandfathers Maybe your grandfather
What region of Kursk region is your
grandfather from I mean what region
what region And what about you  grove district
what district grove shchedrovsky shchi
shchedrovsky yes
no such thing as it is again called
gry gry city ro ry ry
Yes
wait a Shchigry Yes yes Now let's see
where this shchigry district maybe
it was just part of this Maybe it's your grandfather
in short  there Well, now let's see
gra no no he's a little bit on the wrong side
yes You're lucky in short gra were not in
this Lokot republic So here Yes
your grandfather of course not this you won't
be attracted
next to 7 to Damn yes Lucky lucky and
where does the wife's
relatives come from the wife  Yes, from
Donetsk, from Donetsk No, this is ours, this is
normal, like, yes, I understand, look, how it
turns out that this Lokot
Republic in the
Bryansk, Oryol and Kursk regions is
yours, you say yours Whose Donetsks are yours,
these are our
Ukrainians, like you are from Lithuania And so, Ukraine
I am in  I live in Lithuania But I come from Ukraine Yes
from Lithuania Well my ancestors are from Ukraine
my father is from  Donbass Miner Well, well, my father worked at the Zasyadka mine, during the Soviet Union, he was sent to Lithuania to work at the mine Well, and you lived there, I lived in Donetsk Yes, I was 3 years old when in Donetsk I lived at what A on what street Artyom Artyom And what, well, now I won't call my father, I understand. So it is in Lithuania. Yes, we have a mine in Kaunas. When it was opened under the Soviet Union. Yes, my father was sent here to work and that he moved us too. And how old were you, I was born in eighty-first year. Well, no, when I moved and then in the place the soz broke up and we stayed here and do you remember Ukraine right at 3 years old well 3 years I don't remember no of course I don't remember And what about it And wait This is my homeland The land of my ancestors Holy Rus' Well Rus' Yes here they joined Russia Russia Tatar-Mongolian RDA look there are some Chechens Buryats Tuvans this
Tatar-Mongols Russia is always
historically Arda was it
came from there from Mongolia Russia look
Now the main territory of Russia is the
territory of the golden RD empire of
Genghis Khan Well what's
wrong well where where basically well come on
Name What is the oldest city in Russia
Ladoga no
Derbent look google  Derbent is the
oldest city in Russia google it Right now
Yes I don't want to I've been looking for more than 2000 years
Yes I'm telling history RN is the oldest
city in Russia I
don't want to kill it yet Okay I believe you
take it on the Caspian Derbent is now Dagestan
Yes the oldest city in Russia when in
Moscow still  toads croaked ladogi didn't exist at all
damn even yes Derbent was already a
great city
Yeah This is all the territory of the
Tatar-Mongol yoke well
Well well you Look the Russian Federation was
invented by Lenin Lenin took
it, drew it and said the RSFSR will be he
invented the Russian
Federation there was no
Tatar-Mongol  The empire of Genghis Khan
was
Rus' with its center in Kyiv there was no Russian Federation, it was an artificial formation, he invented the Republics of the region for you, everything Well, in short, look, NATO troops have come in now and want to establish the truth Yes, make the truth as it was before No, no, not so, a little bit different, look, as it was before already it won't be like before it won't be now they'll get it right because they'll get it you didn't understand Look two years ago they wanted it to be like before Yes now a decision has been made due to the fact that the Democrats lost the elections and yet Trump came who needs to show that again will become Great Yes, a decision has been made to divide Russia into different states Look, I have a book by the way, the author is a towel Janusz Bugajski Janusz Bugajski he published it in the second year, the Ukrainian translation is exactly what year I am reading this instruction right now Yes, the instruction is on it is called not possible state instruction of Russia's division as if instruction on division of Russia into different parts three encyclopedia whole Yes here it is clearly written about what ethno-religious problems there are what social problems there are How to divide Russia How to make provocations for example in the Russian Federation  on ethnic grounds
on religious grounds how to pit
Christians Muslims Buddhists how to
develop
interethnic contradictions in the
Russian Federation so that it
collapses like the Soviet Union Everything is clear
Everything is working according to plan We are working
you see we are historians we are working clearly We are
from Lithuania we are also helping with us look
very  many Russian activists who are
persecuted in Russia from national
movements that are for the independence of their
peoples now Lithuania accepts them gives
them political asylum and they become the
center of crystallization of
these forces everything is very simple just
like the Union Yes Europe collapsed Yes the
Soviet Union Through what Through
national republics  Yes,
Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, and
so on, have separated. Yes, the second stage is underway now, we
are doing it so that the republics separate. Look,
you have not thought about why Chechnya is being pumped up with weapons like that.
Well, don't you think it's strange that
Kadyrov has his own air defense?
Why do you have governor Khinshtein in the Kursk region?
there is no air defense of its own And
some Kadyrov has his own air defense and his own
personal army
Well,
tell me I have  tell me your thoughts
what are you because because
look Russia is being prepared for the so-called
third
Chechen war and then you will be LTE not with the
guys who were running around there with Kalashnikovs
and the rebels But
there really is a special forces academy in Gurme
I have a friend Akhmet there  also
serves, look what the Chechens are doing now,
yes, in the Kursk region, your
conscripts are being thrown against the ZSU, but there is not a
single Chechen killed.
Can you name at least
one Chechen killed or wounded in all your time? No,
I dont follow this. But I did follow
Why Because  Chechens don't cook for this
And for what for ru yes yes
Yeah well let's see and who do you work
as by the way
nobody Well I mean nobody Well they just don't
work how do you live
what God gives you got it you're in a wheelchair
now
no
show me Bye It
was so scary it was that  you get up I
thought you were
there without it Why are you in a jacket at
home I just thought I'd listen to what
you say  What nonsense, what
nonsense I'll explain it to you now You
don't understand at all You don't understand at all
Explain I don't
understand Here you are there You're
telling something there Well, anyway,
from Russia we always received because once
again name who, look at Russia
who is from where from Russia don't look look
look e time
Russia fought together with America with
the Anglo-Saxons Name me at least one war
that Russia won without the Anglo-Saxons
without NATO Well, what kind of
Japanese one-on-one lost to the
Turks on the Black Sea once lost
Yes, you won  only when the
Anglo-Saxons helped you the Crimean war
against the Anglo-Saxons lost the truth
then name at least one war that you
won without the Anglo-Saxons no no
no Well what war did you win without
the Anglo-Saxons you lost to the Japanese one on one
905 Russian-Japanese
yeah What did you lose with just tell me at least
one war  Name the one you won
without the help of the Anglo-Saxons The Second World War
the Anglo-Saxons with
you were uh Napoleon the Anglo-Saxons defeated him without the Anglo-Saxons at least one war you won now we will win not so uh war e is called now we will win one which was what we can already as historians sweat what you won without the Anglo-Saxons Come on let's defeat the Arda without When did you defeat the Arda when arda you arda what and who defeated them Ar no one defeated arda you look in arda there was a civil war then they split into Mongols and Turks and what defeated the Horde Who where tell me in what battle you defeated the Horde and who defeated No well that's who won that's it why did Rus become Why Rus is not like this Rus is Ukraine in Kiev not Rus is in Kyiv And you were the Horde Look all these Horde Khans all the Horde Murzas became Russian boyars Yusupovs these Butu all all the Turks Who defeated the Horde Where where they defeated well name it Well, how how are they just they  they were not born no So you are the Horde look you are you are Tatars Turks you are not Russians you are not Rus and not Ru Well look all your princes Yes they are all like Turks Yeah Ivan the Terrible look Ivan the Terrible's hat had it written in Arabic Yeah a who is Rus Kievan Rus Oh well Kievan Rus Muscovite Rus did not exist Who is there Russian Who is there ru wait Well look Rus it is Kievan with the center in Kyiv never again there were any Rus really no well who is there Russian Well look Rus with the center in Kyiv was true Well and who is it And who again in the sense who founded Rus' initially was it eternal How did Irim no founded Kyiv who who Kiev Are you kidding me how did he found You what Kyiv is more than 2000 years old how did Oleg found it some Are you kidding me well look what kind of- well actually look at the date of Kyiv's foundation look look at Wikipedia No you look who
Look in Wikipedia Look in Wikipedia what Oleg things Oleg mythical character from the 9th century kie damn since the century for sure Kyiv founded kishchaki kharif look Look now on Google Come on Kik Hari and their sister libid They sailed on a boat and founded kiv look Right now look Right now look I tell you Look ki shchek kharif Look in the chronicle it says look again I tell you Look in Wikipedia the chronicle says ki shchek and kharif and their sister Lybid founded Kyiv They sailed from where they sailed from Vyshgorod where is this Vyshgorod Kiev is straight yes 14 km 88 m look look I tell you I'm telling Wikipedia right now princeling look really I'm not a star Check Wikipedia Come on come on I'm writing you a crif Write Write in Wikipedia not you look Oleg  thing basis They they are not yet They were before Oleg look look You look You look Let me type so ki Hari here ki so ki prince so legendary prince founder of Kyiv here is a character Legends about the founding of Kyiv one of the legend legend one of its legendary founders look Tale of the Temporal years here According to the Tale of Bygone Years ki lived on the Dnieper city in the chronicle by the years of Temin this is a legend founded years veg no don't give let's look look in what year Oleg things lived 9th century and Kyiv based in century look You look let's look so berm ki qual Kyiv Just dial and Kiev with they say they write Legend no everything look means Kyiv so so so so that's how it was founded the end of the PTO the first half of the 6th century we look when the prophetic Oleg lived Oleg the prophetic so it was 1992 Oleg the prophetic died 400 years after the founding of Kyiv look right now come in Oleg things this and this
de vek still Oleg Ok Who founded Kyiv Look who Let me ask now chat gpt no you dial you dial you dial so I dialed here this [ __ ] writes to me iha what is this what schak Hav now I'm damn now we'll dial tell me Yes the whole world knows what but no for Ukraine there are other people Everyone has won now Hm Yeah right now Well once again in another chat look where you are watching I don't know Well come on damn it's interesting Well yeah The topic is interesting so uh chat gpt Tell me please who founded Kyiv and did Kyiv found things Oleg I answer According to the chronicle of the Tale of Bygone Years, Kyiv was founded in the century by Prince Kiy and his brothers Shk and Kharif and their sister L Bit, and the prophetic Oleg was 400 years later, all the bazaar, what a bazaar, what did you put again chat gpt Please tell me who founded Wait, who founded Kyiv when and founded Liki things Oleg I answer According to the chronicle of the Tale of Bygone Years Kyiv was founded in the fifth century founded by its prince  kyi and his brothers
shk and kharif and their sister l bit and prophetic
Oleg was in 400 years all the bazaar he has
now look You look everything you chat
gpt told that
look this is you hear svo chat there Listen no not
everything everything here everything bazaar-train station  everything is
there, the bazaar-train station, everything you lost,
look, I'm a professional historian,
look at the city, where he got up, I'll
show you now, look,
that's where the
dude ran off to, cash, a
fairy-tale character, it was, they
laughed, they roasted it, just awesome,
like, squeak, comment, it was divine, a
letter to my Telegram, straight  now axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube is busy
with us through scarg ORV in your ban and very
many videos I do not show to people at times I do not
show information about streams so
that we Mali operational links
are written right now a  Popik there in
telegrams okrim video also tezh interesting and
useful information and we are obliged to you
trimati constant operational connection
independently in that che will show you process
YouTube Slava ukraini
subscribe and